VALUES ('101','1555','The Charity of St Nicholas of Bari','The story depicted in the panel is that of the 4th-century saint, Nicholas of Myra. Under cover of darkness, Saint Nicholas throws three golden balls through the window of the house of an impoverished nobleman. (Golden balls were often used by artists to represent the purses of the gold mentioned in the saint’s legend.)','American','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('102','1906','Aurelia','The sitter, Aurelia, was a noted model in Rome who was nicknamed 'La Cornacchia' (The Crow). On the reverse of the picture is another oil sketch of the same model in a different pose.','Chinese','Modern Art','null')
VALUES ('103','1664','Landscape with the Union of Dido and Aeneas','For the subject see the 'Aeneid' (4: 119). Dido and Aeneas are in the cave at the right; in the sky at the left Juno, Venus and Hymen.','Chinese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('104','1263','The Virgin and Child Enthroned, with Narrative Scenes','This panel is one of the earliest paintings in the Collection. The Virgin is wearing a Byzantine crown and is seated on a lion-headed throne; she holds Christ on her lap. In the corners of the central section are the symbols of the four Evangelists.','Chinese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('105','1504','An Allegory','The sleeping knight may be intended to represent the Roman hero Scipio Africanus (236 - 184 BC) who was presented in a dream with a choice between Virtue (behind whom is a steep and rocky path) and Pleasure (in looser robes). However, the ladies are not presented as contestants. They may represent the ideal attributes of the knight: the book, sword and flower which they hold suggest the ideals of scholar, soldier and lover which a knight should combine.','Japanese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('106','1905','Ophelia among the Flowers','This pastel is one of several compositions by Redon of this subject from Shakespeare's 'Hamlet' which date from this period. The flowers seem to be of no identifiable species, resembling lilac and strawberries, and with blue leaves interspersed with the green. The garlanded head of Ophelia is turned towards the flowers as though in contemplation of their beauty. ','Japanese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('107','1640','Christ embracing Saint John the Baptist','John the Baptist is shown in his camel-skin garment and carrying a reed cross. He was a few months older than Jesus. The two are often shown as youths, prior to the moment when John baptised Jesus in the River Jordan.','American','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('108','1698','Portrait of Cardinal Marco Gallo','The existence of an 18th-century print after this painting, inscribed with the sitter's name, confirms the cardinal's identity. Marco Gallo was born in Como. After several postings in the papal civil service he was appointed, in 1659, Bishop of Rimini. He was made a cardinal by Innocent XI in 1681 and died in 1683.','Mexico','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('109','1682','The Finding of Moses','This painting shows the moment of discovery by Pharoah's daughter, the central figure pointing down at the child. Two handmaidens on the right gesture towards the spot where he was found. The kneeling figure in green is Moses' sister, Miriam, who had been watching nearby. She came forward and volunteered her mother, the woman seen standing on the far left with a protective hand on Miriam's shoulder, as nursemaid to the child, so returning Moses to his mother.','Japanese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('110','1475','The Virgin and Child with Saint John','This painting by David Ghirlandaio, brother of the more famous Domenico, must date from the 1490s. The surface is badly worn in parts, especially in the face of Saint John.','Dutch','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('111','1505','The Procession to Calvary','Identifiable with an altarpiece mentioned by Vasari (1550) as painted for the church of San Gallo, Florence. He implies it was one of Ridolfo's earliest important commissions, and noted that it included portraits. Some of the heads are modelled on those invented by Leonardo da Vinci for his Battle of Anghiari.','American','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('112','1899','Interior','In December 1898 Hammershøi moved into the old merchant house at Strandgade 30, Copenhagen, built in 1636. This painting portrays one of its rooms, and the model is his wife Ida, whom he married in 1891. The table was originally larger and filled most of the foreground, and the figure was added at the end. Pencil underdrawing is visible through the paint layer.','Chinese','Modern Art','null')
VALUES ('113','1650','Still Life with a Lobster','To a 17th-century viewer the objects brought together in this still life would have suggested considerable wealth and luxury. Not only the lobster, but also salt, pepper and citrus fruit were costly items at that time. The elaborately crafted gold goblet and the stand supporting the glass on the right, were highly valued for their material and workmanship. Blue and white porcelain was imported into the Netherlands from China. ','Chinese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('114','1662','Saint Anthony of Padua','The friars on the left are Franciscan and the one in the centre has a Glory, and may be intended to depict Saint Anthony of Padua. The poor on the right, who receive bread from the Franciscans, include two pilgrims.','American','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('115','1820','Landscape with Figures bathing','A wall of sandy rock overgrown with shrubs, tall grasses, tendrils and angular roots, rises steeply from a pond or slow-moving stream. The painter has skilfully captured the textures of the rocks, the play of light on the leaves and the dense luxuriance of the undergrowth. Three female bathers dressed in white ease themselves into the water. The addition of these figures transforms the landscape sketch from a direct study of nature into a timeless arcadian scene.','Chinese','Modern Art','null')