VALUES ('1','1590','The Amazement of the Gods','The erotic subject suggests the drawing was made in Prague, either when the painter visited the city in the early 1590s, or during his residence there.','Mexico','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('2','1655','An Old Woman seated sewing','The engraved portrait on the wall shows Christian, Duke of Brunswick 1599 - 1626','Spain','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('3','1560','Scenes from the Life of an Unidentified Bishop Saint','Three scenes are included in the picture, in each of which the bishop is shown doing good works. In the foreground he gives money to a beggar, in the background on the left he heals a blind man. In the corresponding feast scene on the right, he prepares to wash a poor man, perhaps the same man who appears in the foreground.','Hong Kong','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('4','1609','Christ carried to the Tomb','This event, which is not described in the Gospels, takes place after the Lamentation over the dead Christ at the foot of the cross, and before his Entombment.','American','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('5','1665','A Beach Scene with Fishermen','This is a relatively early work by Bakhuizen and shows the influence of Hendrick Dubbels (1621 - 1707), whose work is also represented in the Collection. A Dutch Yacht and Other Vessels Becalmed near the Shore .','Japanese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('6','1465','Portrait of a Lady','The profile was used for portraits by many painters of the Early Renaissance. Baldovinetti's representation of a lady in yellow is one of the most striking of such designs, showing the sitter almost to the waist. Stitched to her sleeve is a device of three palm leaves which is probably not merely a decorative pattern but the emblem of her family or of one into which she has married, or is soon to marry into.','French','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('7','1514','Portrait of a Man','This bold portrait is of an unknown sitter. The fur collar, the jewel on the cap and the heavy gold chains indicate that he was a man of some wealth. The two badges on the chain can be identified and suggest that he may have been a Swabian and was probably of noble birth.','Dutch','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('8','1615','Pan pursuing Syrinx','Pan chased the nymph Syrinx through Arcadia. When she came to the river Ladon she could flee no further; her prayer for escape was answered as she was transformed into reeds, from which Pan subsequently made his pan pipes. Ovid, Metamorphoses ','Dutch','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('9','1377','Pentecost','The Virgin and the twelve Apostles are shown with hands joined in prayer. They receive the Holy Spirit, which is shown descending as a Dove Acts of the Apostles 1 ','Chinese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('10','1774','Portrait of John Scott (?) of Banks Fee','The sitter's identity is traditional and unverified. Banks Fee is near Stow-on-the-Wold in Gloucestershire and was bought by John Scott in 1753. A 'Mr Scott' was recorded by Charles Burney in 1770 as being in Rome, but it is not known if he is the same person as the sitter. He wears a coat of blue silk lined with sable, and a formal wig.','Canada','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('11','1760','Saint James being visited by the Virgin','Saint James, who is credited with having brought Christianity to Spain, was passing through the city that subsequently became Zaragoza when he was visited by the Virgin Mary. She presented him with a statuette of herself and a column of jasper on which to place it. The subject is fairly common in Spain, especially in Zaragoza, where the events depicted are said to have taken place and where an enormous basilica (El Pilar) was built to house the statuette.','Iraq','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('12','1740','Saint Anthony of Padua with the Infant Christ','Saint Anthony (1195 - 1231) was Portuguese by birth, but spent his later years in Padua. He is said to have had a vision of the Infant Christ when preaching on the Incarnation (the belief that Christ became man).','Philippines','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('13','1515','Saint John the Baptist ','The rich and detailed execution of this altarpiece implies it was an important commission. The presence of so many books and figures reading suggests it was painted for a cultivated patron, and perhaps a woman as all the saints around the holy family and the infant Saint John are female.','Italy','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('14','1615','Flowers in a porcelain Wan-Li Vase','This painting and its pendant Flowers in a Serpentine Vase depict bouquets of similar size and arrangement, and were intended to be seen together. Both paintings demonstrate Beert’s extensive use of white for highlights and outlines: this is particularly visible here in the rose leaves in the foreground.','Malaysia','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('15','1912','Men of the Docks','Bellows arrived in New York in 1904 where he found rich subject matter in the lives of poor workers in the booming metropolis. Here, day labourers await jobs on the docks of Brooklyn on a grey winter morning. The towers of Lower Manhattan rise in the distance.','French','Modern Art','null')
VALUES ('16','1885','After the Misdeed','This work can be placed among the artist's genre paintings of late 19th-century Paris. Here the tone is moralising. The subject of women who fell prey both to their own passions and to the opposite sex was popular in England and France in the 19th century.','England','Modern Art','null')
VALUES ('17','1665','Two Calves, a Sheep and a Dun Horse by a Ruin','Van den Bergen's work consists mainly of Italianate landscapes in the manner of the later work of Adriaen van de Velde, to whom this painting was once attributed. The current attribution is based on comparison with signed pictures by van den Bergen, such as 'Landscape with Herdsmen and Cattle' (Amsterdam, Rijksmuseum).','Japanese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('18','1826','View of the Gorge at Civita Castellana','The fortified medieval town of Civita Castellana lies fifty-four miles north of Rome on the Via Flaminia, one of the ancient routes through the Roman Campagna. In ancient times, it was a strategically important Etruscan settlement. During the Renaissance the fortress was converted into an imposing octagonal castle known as La Rocca.','Iraq','Romanticism','null')
VALUES ('19','1500','The Incredulity of Saint Thomas','Saint Thomas, who doubted that Jesus had risen from the dead, was convinced when Christ invited him to touch the wound in his side (John 20: 20-29). On the right the Franciscan Saint Anthony of Padua presents a donor, presumably the patron of the picture. In the left background, Saint Jerome is shown in the wilderness. The figures in the background right may be intended for other saints.','Japanese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('20','1680','A Horse with a Saddle Beside it','Like many other works by the artist, this painting was once attributed to Aelbert Cuyp, but it is related to paintings which are now considered to be by Calraet, for example 'Stable Interior with Two Dapple-Grey Horses' (Rotterdam, Museum Boymans-van Beuningen). The horse appears, with variations, in the Rotterdam picture.','Chinese','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('21','1560','Portrait of a Musician','The sitter, who holds a pair of dividers, may be a musician or a maker of instruments. ','American','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('22','1850','A Fallen Tree Trunk','Camuccini's study of a fallen tree trunk is an example of the sort of study encouraged by the artist Pierre-Henri de Valenciennes, a central figure in the development of the landscape oil sketch. Valenciennes encouraged artists to make oil studies of trees, focusing on their barks and all the other irregularities that characterised them. In this study, the massive, twisted trunk, with moss dappling the bark on its curving, broken branches, has fallen somewhere in the countryside; decay is well advanced as it is slowly absorbed back into the earth.','Mexico','Romanticism','null')
VALUES ('23','1594','Boy bitten by a Lizard','A young boy recoils in pain as his finger is bitten by a lizard, hidden among the fruit. A magnificent still life stands between him and us. The glass vase holds a rose and a sprig of jasmine, while red, succulent cherries lie beside the vase. Note the reflection of a room painted in the curving contour of the glass. It's most unusual for a late 16th-century painting to show a figure so realistically in a moment of action, and for a still life to be so prominent.','American','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('24','1502','The Departure of Ceyx','This panel, which appears to have been cut down, illustrates the story of Alcyone from Ovid's 'Metamorphoses' (XI: 410-748). Ceyx's departure to consult the oracle of the god at Claros was delayed by his devoted wife Alcyone, who had foreseen a stormy sea and winds. A companion panel in the Philadelphia Museum of Art shows the body of Ceyx (who reluctantly set off despite his wife's protestations and whose ship was destroyed in a storm as predicted) being carried back to Alcyone upon the waves. When she recognised her husband's body, Alcyone hurled herself into the sea. ','British','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('25','1599','A Woman borne off by a Sea God','It is the working cartoon for a fresco in the Gallery of the Palazzo Farnese, Rome. All the early sources attribute it to Agostino. The cartoon is thought to be in large part or possibly entirely by Agostino. Some changes between the cartoon and the fresco are probably due to Annibale Carracci, by whom there are studies for the triton on the right.','England','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('26','1520','A Warrior adoring the Infant Christ and the Virgin','The painting, probably of the 1520s, is of a shape associated in Venice with votive offerings to the Virgin Mary or a patron saint. Here the warrior who approaches the Virgin and Child on his knees wears European armour, but the silk of his head-dress is from Islamic North Africa, and the trappings of his horse from Islamic Spain; the dagger and belt hanging on the wall are also of Islamic style. It has been conjectured that the painting commemorates the conversion of a Turk.','Iraq','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('27','1598','Christ appearing to Saint Anthony Abbot','The painting is considered to date from the early part of Annibale's activity in Rome and shows the influence of both Northern Italian models, like Correggio's figures in the cupola of S. Giovanni Evangelista in Parma, and Roman ones. The pose of Saint Anthony recalls Michelangelo's Adam on the Sistine Chapel ceiling.','Dutch','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('28','1616','Susannah and the Elders','Ludovico was the cousin of Annibale Carracci and worked mostly in Bologna. This picture was painted for Cavaliere Tito Buosio of Reggio, and depicts an episode from the Old Testament apocrypha (Susannah: 15-24) which was also painted by Reni. As Susannah bathes in her garden, she is approached by two elders who, lusting after her, threaten to accuse her of adultery if she does not sleep with them. She refuses and is falsely accused by them, but her innocence is proved and prevents her from being stoned.','Spain','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('29','1891','Head of a Child','This painting is almost certainly a portrait of one of the artist's children, the most likely candidate being his second son, Jean-René, who was born in 1888.','Japanese','Romanticism','null')
VALUES ('30','1814','View of the Forum in Rome','This is one of the most famous views in Rome, looking along the Forum towards the Palazzo dei Senatorio on the Capitol. The three surviving columns of the Temple of Castor and Pollux frame the composition on the left; in the middle distance are the remains of the Temples of Saturn and Vespasian. In 1814 the Forum was still used as a field for grazing cattle and many prominent monuments (such as the Arch of Septimius Severus on the right) had yet to be fully excavated.','Chinese','Romanticism','null')
VALUES ('31','1886','The National Gallery 1886, Interior of Room 32','The painting shows visitors in the North room of the Barry block, a suite of sumptuously decorated rooms opened at the National Gallery in 1876. This palatial space was always intended for the display of large-scale works of art and today holds 17th-century Italian Baroque paintings.','American','Modern Art','null')
VALUES ('32','1748','Cornard Wood near Sudbury at Suffolk','The title is from a print of 1790. Cornard Wood, the name by which the picture is generally known, was first apparently used in 1828, but there is no good evidence that the church tower in the background is that of Great Cornard, near Sudbury.','American','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('33','1526','A Pagan Sacrifice','This work is an elaborated copy of a mysterious ancient rite described on a sculpture in the strange antiquarian romance 'Hypnerotomachia Poliphili' (Dream of Poliphilus) which was published in Venice in 1499.','Chinese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('34','1425','The Quaratesi Madonna','This panel formed the centre of an altarpiece commissioned by a member of the Quaratesi family for the high altar of San Niccoló Oltrarno, Florence. It was flanked by Saints Mary Magdalene, Nicholas of Bari, John the Baptist and George; the predella showed scenes from the Life of Saint Nicholas.','England','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('35','1615','Self Portrait as Saint Catherine of Alexandria','Artemisia Gentileschi paints herself in the guise of Saint Catherine of Alexandria, a Christian saint martyred in the early 4th century. She leans on a broken wheel studded with iron spikes, the instrument of Catherine’s torture and the saint’s standard attribute. Her right hand, delicately holding a martyr’s palm between thumb and forefinger, is brought to her chest.','American','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('36','1450','A Bishop and a Female Martyr','This painting is part of the group: Pratovecchio Altarpiece','Egypt','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('37','1650','Allegory of Grammar','This is probably one of a series of half-length female figures of the seven Liberal Arts which once belonged to Gédéon Tallemant (1613 - 1668), apparently painted for his house in the Rue d'Angoumois, Paris. The pictures vary in size, and all are dated 1649 or 1650. ','Spain','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('38','1775','Maternal Affection','Lagrenée was celebrated for his small-scale cabinet paintings of classical and mythological subjects. Here, three women tend to two infants within a sunlit loggia. The warm light, tiles underfoot, and leafy trees in the background suggest that the scene takes place in temperate climes. To an 18th-century audience, the women’s clothing would have been immediately understood as antique dress.','England','Neoclassicism','null')
VALUES ('39','1490','The Nativity at Night','This is one of the most engaging and convincing early treatments of the Nativity as a night scene. The brilliant light in the foreground comes from the Christ Child in the crib. It illuminates the figure of the Virgin, who bends forward, hands joined in prayer, Saint Joseph in the background, and the figures of the delighted small angels to the left.','Japanese','Renaissance','null')
VALUES ('40','1775','The Necromancer','Three versions of this subject are known, including one in the Hermitage, St Petersburg. It is not known which of the three was the one exhibited at the Salon of 1775. Evidently a popular composition, it was also engraved in 1785.','Mexico','Neoclassicism','null')

